French you then
yo guests choose the seven nl here
with a committee right away it is
actually something special because if you
looks at a month or two and three
ago in the header community in the Netherlands
was just
live videos ok myself and not live me
did not just have to do live id
also just a lot of let's plays a
gta 6 and scree too so that gave up on that
a dead end in the cat criticism
actually within the basket community want
Yes
work as two is common throughout the community
one we failed that concerns we say int
and the entire city the game just so it is
for youtube something nice that you just
not a moment i hear you could few
I think making really good tip videos
personally think that you have more like
clean and kem strike or op him in the
game is sometimes with mw3 then you just have
more options if you like youtubers
could say the food and you notice it
just w31 could be a year in itself
stay for a long time and with space or two
it was not the case and people went
make too many random crazy videos
because your own start with me either
knew what you had to do to make every day beautiful
and nice video to upload and now
you just see that i'm actually the only one
where pixie is now has call of duty
commentary taste right now is good
I think I want to continue with syria
ill also indicates year i make by one
scene training is going to do house it
I felt awkward on the ps4 now
just play because nothing and
Only then I can not get well
I still do a budget for you and me
I still have my old account
it's nothing and built mine
temporarily accountant you this too
gameplay though this gameplay is from think
about a day or three ago, because they are
short gameplay sees it's teamweb
people overlord or burr confused and
is more to show that gets over
maybe not i have to be real
I finished jesus worse but the
people are so high passive and this folder
I played last night had spirits
is not playing this log for the first time
because
mystic blue while I control jack's
or by eric also has a prezi four and
a since last night and you played
last night with him along with like
pastoe is what number 10 and there is
lovely we really went on for too long
claimed
actually thought i had to work from yet
it happens sometime no
cams live scale then we went nice
all eric also the theme threads
now also two point zero one and the
before I immediately start with two points
10 or so on 2015 play well and work
insulation was also a point 75 sons
we already have three and know
let's go for a while on the playstation 4
just no chem-dry erik on
the first night on she is too old no on
hiss play session or in series
concepts or whether the session or insta
doesn't matter i do
They first game the afternoon and afternoon
that's a total of all four hours
luckily you do n't have a campsite yet
achieved right away yes you get one with one
here but that also fell against her then
a trus that I had last night too
2010 19 sleek we had everything and get it
it just doesn't work too well that went
carry on killing on any at 19 and so
often just by random bullshit but
it's part of it and it makes it so fat
and I just love it and so
to still play the wicket
can do videos but I have one today
very day now been silent sweat
Friday and number FM and we cheers together
week lesson busy headline more information
about the upcoming week because that's that
how nice a live stream with pit secure
my apprentice case and the gamers and the
suitcase everything all information
but after my work I had to go immediately
drive to the middle of nowhere to
David to ride just a few things
to pick you up for me for me
made available among other things
through the acer the sponge of david and
very good i'm gonna take it all on
do what they take what 's broken into
because I hit it all here at my house
if you are a burglar or do you want anyway
break in no what not to the
is home to me I'm stupid too
again not but among other things a laptop
may themselves as very good, we can note
edit when I saw an example on my way
sits on the e3 to
in america in le want to be heard too
got some nice news from there
that is actually already 9 nines and
I guarantee with David through you
soft to the e3 gifts as they were super
particularly satisfied with the
combination david paul and they want us
Have been there again for our year and he
just so special composition
david in this and we go together and me
am very happy with david the keys thing
has all gone through him last
years now they just go girls again
and week I also have your contact with
ubisoft nice to contact yourself
activision
but sir also stand up on op
aided by davids and networks
connections and have faith in me and
the collaboration made me very happy
anyway with the whole third g crew
with larsen make a joke is on twittering
would and again with ronald and preserve there
and shout and maybe forget people
Vincent and Henry IV and V and anyone can
I I yes if I forget him comes basket
to us I give myself
he will danny who meanwhile a something
third does not become normal
talk to us about doing things
none and whatsaps such a super cool guy
at that not an arty
it had heated discussions about me
a whatsapp about call or duty sauber
maria by therefore when i look good
know a little power your pc knows
but i was the cells working out one there
one driven in really when a pasture
you sent me tom tom memo where I have
there then we skills I didn't know
agree that those cities go to towns villages
rumors existed in the Netherlands
at utrecht you can say that it is a long way
drive was also quite a long journey
I also had to go back of course one
had the agua home and music here
neither the children eat nor do you know your folds
him with the tablet when the tablet
about david if i have a cabbage that
when they shop it is a very good one
nice tablet
and I also have a whole sir
good in m necessary so a week in the
I thought I would immediately fog
plm then you get yes and tomorrow whole
videos have already come online 34th
furthermore, this is the moment that I have to
just do all the other things
thanks for watching
you see it is not spectacular tdm
just choose
tap word pastor penny just woke up
with my part of a nation
an adult child and baby